Bemidji nt
12 First Street W,
Bemidji, MN, 56601:
4 (218) 888-8032

esi te aw ana

" 1725 Bemidji Ave N, 304 ,
Bemidji, MN 56601

MEA

%

ay

4 iam writing this letter at your request for you to give to your medicalsurgical team to Substantiate readiness for
- gender affirming medical care. - :

( am providing this letter regardi ng Aubrey, who requested to be called Thomas, at the client's request toil substantiate readiness for gender affirming medical care as established in the World Professional Association for >
. Transgender Health (WPATH) Standards of Care, Version 8 (SOC 8). Thomas requested usa of the pronoun him.

1 will. use Thomas's preferred name and pronouns throughout this letter, Meg aan

pout toe tit en

As a provider who has experience in treating clients with gender dysphoria, | 'completed a diagnostic assessment -
« of Thomas on 11/11/25, This letter represents my conclusions from that assessment, Information obtained from
. clinical consultation with his therapist, and careful consideration of the WPATH soc 8

¥

a a =)

=

ay

3

Thomas meets criteria for Gender Dysphovia, Tt . '

+, [have evaluated Thomas for menta! health diagnoses and have diagnosed the following: Post-Traumatic Stress . -
* Disorder. Thomas is Participating in treatment to address these mental health Issues currently. | belleve Thomas's.

, Mental health issues have been addressed sufficlently and do not interfere with their abllity to understand or make

' decisions about gender affirming care.

NEES RRS ORT

|

Sin my treatment of Thomas we have discussed and 'he has articulated an understanding of the natura, purpose, and outcomes of top surgery (double mastectomy) and the risks, benefits, and alternatives to this treatment. 5
', Thomas has the capacity to provide consent for top surgery. - a

1 '

in summary, | believe that this procedure is medically necessary and Aubrey meets the WPATH requirements ->

. Necessary for this step of the gender affirmation process. In this context, medically necessary is defined as «17 necessary for Aubrey's psychological wellbeing, Considering the progress Aubrey has made toward transition thus ~ far, and in the absence of significant contraindications from a psychological or social point of view, based c on the we
WPATH SOC 8, Aubrey eligible for consideration for top surgery (double mastectomy).

~ "Aubrey will have continued access to my services for care and support. | am available for coordination and mT _welcome any communication, as needed. I can be contacted at jacob.levine@sagentbh.com or by phone at

at * Aubrey Lacey DOB: 1 1723/2004 "* Jof2 + 01/27/2026 10:01AM mo
= Voice recognition technology may have been utilized for some of the information in this medical record. > (Patient
_ Sepy) ; a

_ ee gewicts Ja 10:51AM Central Standard
Electronically signed ME AILICSW Jan' 9 2026 11:03AM Central Standard 'Tm
- Electronically signed 3 3,0 0N '

a

"Ae

0:01AM Pe