Jasmin Maurer, M.Ed., LPC, NCC
1902 Arsenal Street, Suite 260
St. Louis, MO 63118
314-428-4486

May 31, 2026

MHealth Fairview University of Minnesota
2450 Riverside Ave.
Minneapolis, MN 55454

Re: Letter of support for gender-affirming surgery for Drew Samuels
DOB: 12/24/1995

To the MHealth Fairview Surgical Team,

My name is Jasmin Maurer, and I am a licensed professional counselor in the state of Missouri competent in the assessment and treatment of gender dysphoria and gender incongruence as well as the assessment, diagnosis, and treatment of co-existing mental health disorders. I am writing on behalf of my client, Drew
Samuels, who first came to see me on November 5, 2026 for care. We have worked together for 14 sessions up to this date. During this time, he disclosed symptoms of gender dysphoria. After assessment, it is my opinion that Drew meets the criteria for Gender Dysphoria based on the criteria in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Health Disorders, fifth edition text revision (DSM 5-TR).

« Drew has displayed marked and sustained incongruence between his experienced gender and assigned gender for at least 6 years' duration as manifested by: a marked incongruence between his experienced gender and primary and/or secondary sex characteristics; a strong desire to be rid of his secondary sex characteristics because of a marked incongruence with his expressed gender; a strong desire to be of the other gender; a strong desire to be treated as the other gender.

Drew's gender dysphoria is associated with clinically significant distress as well as impairment in critical areas of functioning.

Drew additionally meets criteria for Generalized Anxiety Disorder based on the DSM 5-TR, which is currently being treated and is reasonably controlled at this time.

Other possible causes of apparent gender incongruence have been identified and excluded.

Drew has begun his social transition and began masculinization through hormone treatment on January
17, 2026 to align his body and identified gender.

He has expressed a strong desire for chest reconstruction to enhance his successful transition to a male role and to relieve the distress he experiences due to the incongruence between his body and his gender identity.

Drew has a community of individuals close to him who know and are supportive of his gender transition.

Drew currently meets the World Professional Association for Transgender Health (WPATH) Standards of
Care criteria for the gender-affirming procedure of surgical chest reconstruction and masculinization.

This procedure is considered a medically necessary treatment by the WPATH Standards of Care. Drew is pursuing surgery to better align his gender identity with his physical body. He demonstrates emotional and cognitive maturity to make informed decisions about his healthcare and has educated himself about the risks and benefits of surgery, including that chest surgery is considered "irreversible" by the WPATH
Standards of Care. Drew has the capacity to consent to surgical chest reconstruction and masculinization.

It is this provider's opinion that Drew is a good candidate for surgical chest reconstruction and masculinization. I do not have any concerns about his decision to pursue medically necessary genderaffirming procedures at this time. There are no significant mental health conditions that would negatively affect this procedure at this time.

In some cases, denial of access to this procedure can lead to increased isolation, decreased work performance, and decreased sexual and interpersonal functioning. Gender-affirming procedures are expected to alleviate dysphoria and increase comfort with self.

If you have any questions or need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me at
314-328-4486.

Sincerely,

Jasmin Maurer, M.Ed., LPC, NCC
License No. 2021038818

1902 Arsenal Street, Suite 260
St. Louis, MO 63118
314-328-4486 jasminmaurerlpc@gmail.com