M HEALTH FAIRVIEW CLINIC HIGHLAND PARK
2270 FORD PARKWAY

SUITE 200 Lo :
SAINT PAUL MN 55116-3409 a HEALTH.
Phone: 651-696-5000 ; « FAIRVIEW.

Fax: 651-696-5001

4/4/2026

Re: Nicholas Michael Brandt

To Whom It May Concern:
Surgical Letter of Support
DATE: April 14, 2026

Re: Chosen Name: Evitel

Legal Name: Nicholas Michael Brandt
DOB: 3/13/1998

Dear Surgical Team:

Please accept this letter of support for Evitel who is seeking gender affirmation surgery: facial feminization surgery.

Healthcare Provider Qualifications

| am a physician (MN License # 67931) with a minimum of a master's degree or equivalent training in a clinical field relevant to the assessment and treatment of gender dysphoria. | have knowledge and 3+ years of experience in treating gender dysphoria. | am confident in the appropriateness of the referral of this client.

Client Identifying Characteristics

Evitel has undergone changes including social transition, appropriate mental health therapy, and social transition over the past 1 year. Evitel has been on hormone therapy since 2/2025.

Psychosocial Assessment/Diagnoses

Evitel has been engaging in gender affirming medical care at this clinic since 2/2025. Evitel meets the criteria of Gender Dysphoria:

Z| Marked incongruence between one's experienced/expressed gender and assigned gender, of at
Patient Name: Nicholas Michael Brandt DOB: 3/13/1998 PAGE: 1/2

least 6 months duration, as manifested by at least two of the following:

Incongruence between one's experienced/expressed or anticipated gender and primary or secondary sex characteristics

A strong desire to be rid of one's primary/secondary sex characteristics

A strong desire for the primary/secondary sex characteristics of the other gender

A strong desire to be another gender different from one's assigned gender

A strong desire to be treated as another gender different from one's assigned gender

A strong conviction that one has the typical feelings and reactions of another gender

XJ This condition is associated with clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational,

or other important areas of functioning

Additionally, Evitel has been diagnosed with ADHD, an Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. Existing mental health diagnoses have been assessed and addressed. Evitel's mental health concems that may interfere with diagnostic clarity, capacity to consent, and gender-affirming medical treatments have been addressed.
Other possible causes of apparent gender incongruence have been identified and excluded.

No concerns appear to pose any barrier to Evitel's ability to consent and undergo gender affirming surgery at this time. | support Evitel decision to pursue this medically necessary surgery and attest to the patient's ability to provide informed consent for the treatment. Further, Evitel understands that WPATH Standards of
Care refer to these surgical treatments as irreversible.

Given Evitel is seeking surgery, we have discussed reproductive health and fertility. Evitel understands the permanent effects of surgery on reproduction and we have explored reproductive options.

Clinical Rationale & Eligibility

Evitel meets the World Professional Association for Transgender Health Standards of Care (WPATH
SOC8) criteria for surgical gender affirmation for transgender and gender diverse persons. Surgery and affiliated medical interventions to reduce gender dysphoria are considered medically necessary treatments.
Gender affirmation surgery will likely decrease gender dysphoria and psychological distress and improve overall psychological functioning.

Evitel is educated about the surgery and is aware of the risks and benefits. We have thoroughly discussed

expectations about the surgical process. We have identified an aftercare and support plan.

Following the WPATH SOC8, this letter serves as the single required opinion for the initiation of genderaffirming surgery. If you have any questions, or need more information, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
Avery Marie Tucker, DO
Electronically signed

Patient Name: Nicholas Michael Brandt DOB: 3/13/1998 PAGE: 2/2