ze iH E A LTH : M HEALTH FAIRVIEW MENTAL HEALTH & ADDICTION aS MINNEAPOLIS CLINIC

am. FAIRVIEW,

2450 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
FLOOR 2A

MINNEAPOLIS MN 55454-1450
Phone: 612-273-8700

Fax: 612-273-8727

Letter of Support for Gender-Affirming Medical Procedure
DATE: June 4, 2026

Re: Chosen Name: Vox
Legal Name: Justin J Diercks
DOB: 9/23/1986

Dear Dr.Pariser:

Please accept this letter of support for Vox who is seeking a gender-affirming medical procedure:
Orchiectomy and Vaginoplasty

Healthcare Provider Qualifications

lam a psychiatric nurse practitioner (MN License # CNP 1108) with a minimum of a master's degree or equivalent training in a clinical field relevant to the assessment and treatment of gender dysphoria. | have knowledge and over 10 years of experience in treating gender dysphoria. | am confident in the appropriateness of the referral of this client. We have obtained updated informed consent from patient to be treated in this clinic 8/11/2022 and is valid until 8/10/2027.

Client Identifying Characteristics

Vox is a 39 year old year old non binary adult assigned male at birth who utilizes the following pronouns: they. Vox noted gender incongruence around early 2010's. They started to socially transition in 5/2019, using name different than birth name, pronoun, came out to friends and family. In 8/2019 the patient started gender affirming hormone care for the treatment of gender dysphoria. Vox indicates access to gender affirming medical intervention will increase embodiment and decrease dysphoria.

Psychosocial Assessment/Diagnoses

Vox last completed a psychosocial assessment at this clinic on 03/04/2026. Vox meets the criteria of Gender Dysphoria:

The University of Minnesota Health brand represents a collaboration between University of Minnesota Physicians and University of Minnesota Medical Center.

RE: Justin J Diercks MRN: 0025033759 DOB: 9/23/1986 ENC DATE: Jun 4, 2026 PAGE: 1/3

Marked incongruence between one's experienced/expressed gender and assigned gender, of at

least 6 months duration, as manifested by at least two of the following:

Incongruence between one's experienced/expressed or anticipated gender and primary or secondary sex characteristics

A strong desire to be rid of one's primary/secondary sex characteristics

A strong desire for the primary/secondary sex characteristics of the other gender

XI A strong desire to be another gender different from one's assigned gender

A strong desire to be treated as another gender different from one's assigned gender

A strong conviction that one has the typical feelings and reactions of another gender
This condition is associated with clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning

Additionally, Vox has been diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder, General Anxiety Disorder.
Mental health conditions that could negatively impact the outcome of gender-affirming surgical intervention have been assessed, and risks and benefits have been discussed. Vox and | reviewed Vox's ongoing mental health plan and Vox reported a strong commitment to Vox's own safety and well-being. Because of these factors, Vox's symptoms are well managed at this time.
Vox's mental health concerns (if any) that may interfere with diagnostic clarity, capacity to consent, and gender-affirming medical treatments have been assessed and addressed. Other possible causes of apparent gender incongruence have been identified and excluded. Vox does not use any nicotine products nor cannabis. Because of these factors, Vox's symptoms are well managed at this time. Vox's mental health concerns (if any) that may interfere with diagnostic clarity, capacity to consent, and gender-affirming medical treatments have been assessed and addressed. Other possible causes of apparent gender incongruence have been identified and excluded.

No concerns appear to pose any barrier to Vox's ability to consent and undergo gender affirming surgery at this time. | support Vox decision to pursue this medically necessary surgery and attest to Vox's ability to provide informed consent for the treatment. Further, Vox understands that
WPATH Standards of Care refer to these surgical treatments as irreversible.

Further, we have discussed reproductive health and fertility. Vox appears to understand the effects of surgery on reproduction and that Vox is able to explore reproductive options if desired.

Clinical Rationale & Eligibility

Vox meets the World Professional Association for Transgender Health Standards of Care
(WPATH SOC8) criteria for surgical gender affirmation for transgender and gender diverse persons. Surgery and affiliated medical interventions to reduce gender dysphoria are considered medically necessary treatments. Gender affirmation surgery will likely decrease gender dysphoria and psychological distress and improve overall psychological functioning.

Vox is educated about the surgery and is aware of the risks and benefits. We have thoroughly discussed expectations about the surgical process. We have identified an aftercare and support plan.

Following the WPATH SOC8, this letter serves as the single required opinion for the initiation of

The University of Minnesota Health brand represents a collaboration between University of Minnesota Physicians and University of Minnesota Medical Center.

RE: Justin J Diercks ©MRN: 0025033759 DOB: 9/23/1986 ENC DATE: Jun 4, 2026 PAGE: 2/3

gender-affirming surgery. If you have any questions, or need more information, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,

Yukiko Nakajima, DNP, PMHNP

The University of Minnesota Health brand represents a collaboration between University of Minnesota Physicians and University of Minnesota Medical Center.

RE: Justin J Diercks MRN: 0025033759 DOB: 9/23/1986 ENC DATE: Jun 4, 2026 PAGE: 3/3